Does the lesion appear white or reddish?
Are the borders of the lesion irregular?
Does the lesion have color variation?
Is the lesion different from surrounding ones?
Does the lesion appear well marginated with a surrounding sclerotic rim?
Is the lesion red and scaly?
Is the lesion individual and targeted?
Does the lesion look similar to solar lentigo, seborrheic keratosis or squamous cell carcinoma?
Is the lesion flesh-colored or translucent with overlying telangiectasias (visible blood vessels)?
Does the papule ulcerate and bleed?
Does the lesion appear on the extremities of the body?
Is the lesion less than or equal to one centimeter in diameter?
Is there any overlying skin discoloration, possibly reddish-brown or tan-pink?
Does the lesion have a "stuck on" verrucous appearance?
Can milia cysts, comedo-like openings, fissures, and ridges be seen in the lesion under a dermatoscope?
Is the lesion flat?
Is the lesion hyperpigmented?
Is the lesion located in sun-exposed areas?
Does the lesion have variable sizes?
Is the lesion erythematous (red)?
Does the lesion present with scales or crust?
Does the lesion show signs of ulceration?
Is there a presence of hyperkeratosis in the lesion?
Is the lesion flat, nodular, or plaque-like?
Does the lesion appear ulcerated?
Does the lesion show patterns of pigment and vascularity?
Does the lesion show irregular borders?
Does the lesion have a diameter greater than 6 mm?
Does the lesion show disordered architecture and atypia of melanocytes?
Is the lesion melanin-rich?
Does the lesion appear as a single entity?
Are there multiple lesions present?
Does the lesion display variegated colors?
Is the lesion asymmetric?
Does the lesion have peripheral notches or indentations?
Is the lesion elevated?
Does the lesion ulcerate or display ecthyma, resembling cellulitis?
Are the lesions marked with brownish globules or dots or vascular structures?
Is the skin lesion border smooth or serrated?
Are there different colored tones within the lesion?
Does the lesion look like normal skin color?
Is the lesion colored as red, brown, or purple?
Does the lesion range in color from skin tone to tan or brown?
Is the lesion associated with hypopigmentation?
Are there multiple lesions of different ages present?
Does the lesion appear to be well-encapsulated?
Is the lesion well circumscribed?
Does the lesion have a smooth and regular wall?
Is the lesion characterized by telangiectasia?
Are the lesions scaly, dry, sharply defined and round?
Does the lesion appear as lighter patches of skin?
Is the lesion targeted towards a specific area or is it widespread?
Is the lesion symmetrical?
Is the lesion nodular in appearance?
Is there central crusting present in the lesion?
Does the lesion appear similar to multiple lesions?
Does the lesion have a prominent vascular pattern?
Does the lesion present a keratotic texture?
Does the lesion have a skin growth?
Is the lesion's center ulcerated?
Is the papule developing into a nodule?
Does the nodule have central ulceration and bleeding?
Does the lesion appear on the trunk?
Is the skin lesion deep-seated, round, and well-circumscribed?
Does the lesion have a smooth dome shape?
Are there multiple lesions present in a group?
Is there any change in the color of the overlying skin, appearing reddish-brown, tan-pink, or different from the surrounding skin color?
Is the lesion located on the head, neck, or upper extremities?
Does the lesion appear with overlying yellow or brown scales?
Does the skin around the lesion show signs of sun damage in the form of telangiectasias and yellow discoloration?
Does the skin show any signs of freckles, nevi or discoloration?
Does the lesion exhibit different degrees of pigmentation?
Is the lesion elevated or raised?
Does the lesion appear rough or warty?
Is the lesion texture waxy?
Is the lesion surface uneven with ridges or fissures?
Does the lesion present as a well-defined mass?
Are there comedo-like openings present in the lesion?
Does the lesion show features of milia-like cysts?
Can any hairpin vessels be seen in the lesion?
Are there any pearly white areas with peripheral striations seen in the lesion?
Do red dots and globules appear in the lesion?
Is the lesion skin-colored?
Is the lesion shiny and fleshy pink?
Is the lesion a flat or depressed type with a diameter of less than 10 mm?
Are the lesions flat and reddish-brown?
Is the lesion visibly scaly when stretched or scraped?
Are lesions present as areas of hyperpigmented skin?
Does the lesion involve any erosions?
Are the lesions small, monomorphic tan to brown macules or papules?
Is the lesion red and well-demarcated?
Are the lesions erythematous and macular?
Are the papules or nodules of the lesion erythematous?
Does the lesion present with multiple erythematous macules and papules?
Does the skin lesion have noticeable scaling?
Does the lesion present with a yellowish crust or scales?
Does the lesion present with crusts or sores?
Does the skin lesion appear on the lower limbs?
Is the lesion accompanied by skin hyperpigmentation?
Does the lesion display variable hyperkeratosis?
Is the lesion well-delimited and focal in nature?
Is the lesion papular?
Is the lesion red or violaceous?
Are the lesions flat-topped?
Are black dots present on the surface of the plaque?
Does the lesion appear as an ulcer?
Is the lesion characterized by erythematous borders?
Do the lesions present as crusty, ulcerative lesions?
Is the skin around the lesion hyperpigmented?
Does the lesion show pigmentation patterns?
Can you identify an altered pigment pattern?
Can you observe any formation of vascular channels in the lesion?
Is the lesion larger than 5 mm in diameter?
Does the lesion have poorly defined borders?
Does the lesion have an irregular surface?
Is the lesion surrounded by an erythematous area?
Does the lesion have raised edges and a center crust?
Is the skin lesion less pigmented than the surrounding skin?
Is the skin lesion highly pigmented?
Has the lesion a color contrast from the surrounding skin?
Is there complete absence of pigment in the skin lesion?
Does the lesion appear black?
Is the major color of the lesion intense pigmentation?
Is the lesion single or multiple?
Does the lesion display prominent dark brown lines?
Is there a presence of speckled pattern in the lesion?
Does the lesion have varied brown pigmentation?
Are there multiple skin lesions present?
Are more than one type of skin lesion observed such as macules, papules, bullae, or nodules?
Are skin lesions involving the face and scalp?
Does the lesion appear as a well-demarcated ring or crescent shape?
Is the lesion non-scaly on the surface?
Is the lesion gray-blue in color?
Does the lesion have an "onion-skin" appearance?
Does the lesion show coppery-red pigmentation?
Does the lesion show brown dots or globules?
Does the lesion exhibit well-focused arborizing vessels?
Can you identify a starburst pattern involving symmetrically distributed pigmented streaks on the periphery?
Does the lesion present linear, arborizing vessels?
Are black dots visible on the surface of the lesion?
Does the skin lesion have a ragged border?
Is the lesion thickened with a central core?
Does the lesion appear hyperkeratotic or thickened?
Does the lesion appear as multiple colored nodules?
Does the lesion contain both light and dark areas?
Are there varying shades within the lesion?
Does the lesion change to a brown or black color?
Is the lesion round, oval or herniated sac-like?
Is the lesion brown or red in color?
Is the lesion red to purple in color?
Is the lesion red-brown to golden-brown in color?
Does the lesion show various shades of grey, red, purple, or areas of depigmentation?
Does the lesion range from light brown to dark brown?
Could the lesion appear as yellow to light brown?
Is the skin around the lesion possibly tan to brown skin?
Does the lesion exhibit hypopigmentation?
Are there keratin-filled openings in the lesion?
Can dusky patches be seen on the skin?
Is the lesion pedunculated?
Is the lesion unilocular in appearance?
Are there rough, thickened areas on the skin?
Does the lesion have a smooth surface?
Is the lesion round and well-circumscribed?
Are the lesions erythematous papulonodular in appearance?
Is the lesion round in shape?
Does the skin lesion look like flattened compared to surrounding normal skin?
Is the lesion surrounded by skin of altered quality?
Does the lesion appear lighter in color than the surrounding skin?
Is the lesion isolated or are there multiple similar lesions nearby?
Is the lesion surrounded by erythema?
Does the lesion have a symmetrical distribution?
Are the skin lesions bilaterally symmetrical?
Does the lesion appear symmetrically on the extensor surfaces of the arms and legs?
Does the lesion appear nodular?
Is the lesion reddish to purplish in color?
Does the lesion show a sharp well-circumscribed border?
Does the lesion appear similar to an elevated skin reaction with an irregular surface?
Does the lesion demonstrate a prominent red hue?
Does the lesion have a central keratotic plug?
Does the lesion have a scaly appearance?
Is the lesion rough in texture?
Can skin lines be observed on the lesion?
Does the lesion presence alter the skin pigmentation?
Does the lesion exhibit associated satellite vesicles?
Does the lesion present with red, swollen areas?
Does the lesion present as a raised nodule?
Is the lesion multicolored with black, brown, red, or blue areas?
Is there a nodule with central ulcerations present?
Is there an asymmetrical distribution of the lesion?
Does the lesion exhibit mild erythema at the onset?
Does the lesion have a well-circumscribed margin?
Is the surface of the lesion smooth?
Do multiple fine hairs emerge from the lesion?
Do lesions possess a blue, gray, or purple hue?
Does the lesion present as a solitary slow-growing papule, nodule, or plaque with varied color?
Is the lesion located on the face or neck?
Is the lesion located on the lower extremities?
Is the lesion displaying a yellow or brown color?
Does the skin present signs of sun sensitivity including burns, bumps or erythema?
Does the skin around the lesion show yellow-orange discoloration?
