Does the lesion show signs of ulceration of the mucosa of the skin?
Does the lesion resemble the formation of a horn?
Does the skin lesion lack pigmentation?
Does the lesion look like a wart?
Is the surface of the lesion smooth or does it have scales?
Does the lesion have irregular margins?
Is the lesion symmetrically or asymmetrically distributed?
Is the lesion solitary or part of a larger cluster?
Is the lesion single or multiple?
Is the lesion small and firm?
Is the lesion flat?
Is the lesion pigmented?
Is the structure of the lesion homogenous when examined under a dermatoscope?
Does the lesion present as a thick, scaly, or crusty skin area?
Is the lesion light, white, or pale in color, with surrounding areas of hyperpigmentation?
Does the lesion show notable redness around it?
Is the lesion shiny and pearly?
Does the lesion present as a raised area with ulceration?
Are there small blood vessels running over the skin lesion?
Is the lesion dark brown and fixed?
Is the lesion blue due to the pigment being deep in the skin?
Is the lesion asymmetric?
Does the lesion have irregular borders?
Does the lesion vary in color?
Does the lesion appear to be hypopigmented or depigmented?
Is there hair on the lesion?
Does the lesion have a "stuck on" appearance?
Is the lesion darkly pigmented?
Does the lesion appear to have a scaling appearance?
Is the lesion larger than 1.5mm in diameter?
Is there any irregularity in the pigmentation of the lesion?
Are the lesions hyperpigmented?
Does the skin lesion have varying color patterns?
Does the lesion show signs of irregular growth?
Is the lesion present on sun-damaged skin?
Is the lesion discrete, circular or oval and does it appear to scale?
Does the lesion lose pigmentation in the center?
Does the lesion have areas of increased skin pigment?
Is the lesion multicolored or colorless?
Is the lesion characterized by the presence of pale patchy areas?
Is the lesion similar in color to the skin and has small black dots on the surface?
Does the lesion show signs of scaling?
Does the lesion appear ulcerated?
Does the skin lesion have an irregular shape or margin?
Is the lesion greater than 6mm in diameter?
Is the lesion elevated, or has a slightly raised red margin?
Is the lesion's color uniform?
Are the skin lesions round, oval patches or thin plaques?
Is the lesion well-encapsulated and demarcated from surrounding skin?
Does the lesion have a flesh color?
Does the skin lesion resemble an intradermal nevus?
Is the lesion larger than average size (several cm in diameter)?
Is the lesion ulcer Like with ragged, thickened mucosal pattern?
Are there multiple lesions in the same area of the skin?
Is the lesion round to oval in shape?
Is the lesion flat or sessile in nature?
Is the lesion a single or multiple appearance?
Are multiple skin lesions grouped together?
Are there visible nodule formations on the skin?
Is the skin lesion characterized by clean edges and a clear base?
Does the lesion have a purplish hue?
Is the lesion superficial, such as skin nodules or palpable lymph nodes?
Is the lesion dark or blackish in appearance?
Is the skin lesion potentially cancerous?
Does the lesion show homogenous color under a dermatoscope?
Does the lesion appear dry and crusty?
Does the lesion have a sharp border?
Does the lesion present a purple-colored area?
Is the lesion associated with a change in texture, appearing as domed or glistening papules?
Does the lesion texture look like hyperkeratosis?
Is the lesion shiny?
Is the lesion smooth?
Is the lesion flat-topped?
Is the lesion round?
Is the lesion red?
Does the lesion appear as a raised area?
Does the lesion present as an ulcer?
Is the lesion deeply red or purple in color?
Does the lesion present as a growth that often causes ulcers?
Is the skin lesion accompanied by discoloration?
Does the lesion show a net-like pattern?
Is there evidence of small blood vessels in the lesion?
Is the lesion dark brown in color?
Is the lesion macular or slightly elevated?
Does the lesion have linear striations?
Is the margin of the lesion very distinct?
Does the lesion have a flat, brown, and patchy appearance?
Are the borders of the lesion smooth or irregular?
Does the lesion display multiple colors?
Is there a depigmented patch on the skin?
Does the lesion exhibit a mix of pigmented and depigmented macules?
Is the skin around the lesion intact or has it undergone reconstruction?
Does the lesion appear to be raised or bumpy?
Does the lesion resemble a ring?
Does the lesion appear to have a blotchy red spot?
Are there yellow-white bumps on the lesion?
Does the lesion appear to have a red area?
Do the lesions have darker central points?
Do the lesions have halos, making them look larger?
Does the lesion have patches of orange or brown pigmentation?
Does the lesion consist of overgrowth of skin pigment cells?
Is there discoloration in the lesion that is slate-grey, blue or brown, and is distributed in irregular marbled or wavy lines?
Is the skin lesion hyperpigmented?
Does the lesion have jagged borders?
Does the lesion have smooth borders?
Does the skin lesion have a red-brown hue?
Are there any crust formations on the skin?
Does the lesion appear irregular in shape or form?
Is there ulceration present in the lesion?
Does the lesion show signs of blackish brown coloring?
Is there visual sign of the lesion on the external skin?
Is the lesion present on sun-exposed areas of the body?
Does the skin lesion have associated comedo-like features?
Does the lesion have signs of erythema or inflammation?
Is there presence of dark keratin plugs in the lesion?
Does the lesion have blood vessels surrounding the patch?
Does the lesion have black dots on the surface?
Is the lesion large and painless?
Does the skin lesion have a central hyperkeratotic core?
Is the shape of the lesion irregular or crater-like?
Is the lesion oval and about 3 x 6mm in size?
Are the lesions raised?
Are the skin patches flat?
Do the plaques or patches have a yellowish or reddish-brown appearance?
Do the skin abnormalities include small white or lighter patches of skin?
Are they dry with very fine scales?
Does the skin lesion contain keratinous plugs?
Is the lesion smaller than 2 cm in diameter?
Is the lesion nodular?
Is the lesion larger than 0.8 cm in diameter?
Is the lesion larger than 0.1 cm in diameter?
Is the lesion dome-shaped?
Does the lesion appear thin, brown and tissue-like?
Does the lesion appear as a single, solitary bump on the skin?
Does the lesion appear as a nodule or papule?
Does the lesion appear as a single irregularity in an organ?
Does the lesion manifest with multiple appearances in the same area?
Are the nodules localized on exposed skin areas?
Is the nodule associated with any sort of discoloration around its area?
Does the nodule have well-defined edges?
Is the lesion clean-edged?
Does the lesion appear purplish?
Are there multiple lesions present?
Is the lesion red and non-blanching?
Does the lesion have a vascular appearance?
Does the lesion appear as a nodule or tumor?
Does the lesion appear dark or blackish after green channel filtering?
Is the skin around the lesion discoloured or depigmented?
Does the lesion show residual pigmentation?
Is the lesion illuminated with homogeneous color under a dermatoscope?
Does the lesion appear waxy?
Is the lesion crusty?
Does the lesion have a yellow brown color?
Does the lesion progress to become crusty?
Does the lesion have a bluish-purple color?
Does the lesion appear as a raised, hyperkeratotic papule on exposed skin surfaces?
Does the lesion present with a rough texture?
Is there increased blood vessel presence in the lesion?
Does the lesion have a rolled edge?
Is there the presence of satellite lesions around the main lesion?
Is the lesion located on the leg below the knee?
Is the lesion red or pink in color?
Does the lesion have a yellow-grey color?
Does the skin lesion cause a reddish discoloration of the skin?
Does the lesion present a concentric shape?
Does the lesion contain blood-filled vessels?
Does the lesion have visible capillary dilation?
Is the lesion black in color?
Does the lesion appear lighter or dull in appearance?
Do the skin striations continue across the lesion?
Are the borders of the skin lesion irregular?
Are there raised bumps present on the skin lesion?
Is the texture of the skin lesion rough and cracked?
Does the patch on the skin appear depigmented?
Does the lesion have a mix of pigmented and depigmented areas?
Is there any sign of raised lesion on the skin?
Does the lesion appear in different colors like brown, black, blue, or gray?
Are the pigmented regions well circumscribed?
Is there a coalescence forming larger patches from small macules?
Does the skin around the lesion appear dry or scaly?
Are there concentric rings visible on the lesion?
Does the lesion contain both light and dark spots?
Do the lesions appear in multiple locations?
Is the lesion located in the extremities, chest, neck, abdomen, or pelvis?
Does the lesion appear to have a yellow halo around it?
Does the lesion appear to have a thin yellow halo around it?
Does the lesion have a grey, blue, or black discoloration?
Does the lesion appear as irregularly shaped brown spots?
Does the lesion produce a marbled appearance?
Does the lesion include crust formation?
Does the lesion exhibit red patches with irregular borders and crust formation?
Does the lesion present with superficial ulceration?
Is there a color contrast within the lesion?
Are the lesions arranged in a specific shape or pattern?
Is the lesion evenly red or bluish, without a central or ring-like clearing?
Is there an absence of erythema or signs of inflammation around the lesion?
Are there signs of swelling or erythema around the lesion?
Is there a central plug of keratin in the lesion?
Is there a change in skin color around the lesion?
Are the skin lesions smooth?
