Is the lesion relatively large?
Does the lesion appear atypical?
Does the lesion have border irregularity?
Does the lesion exhibit color variation?
Is the diameter of the lesion large?
Does the lesion appear stuck on?
Is the lesion symmetric?
Does the lesion have a uniform color?
Is the lesion border clear-cut?
Does the lesion appear as a well-demarcated papule or plaque?
Does the lesion appear as a hyperkeratotic, scaly plaque?
Does the lesion present with a pearly, telangiectatic border?
Does the lesion present with rolled edges and central ulceration?
Is the skin lesion sharply defined?
Is the lesion an elevated plaque or a diffuse infiltration?
Is the lesion well-delineated and round to oval?
Does the lesion have irregular pigmentation?
Does the lesion have irregular borders?
Is there variegation of color within the lesion?
Is the lesion raised above the surface of the skin?
Does the lesion have a color different from the surrounding skin?
Are there surface elevations and irregularities on the lesion?
Is the lesion raised and discolored?
Does the lesion have a waxy appearance?
Are there multiple lesions?
Does the lesion exhibit irregular pigment?
Does the lesion show changes in size, shape, color, contour, or surface?
Are there irregular and sometimes notched borders in the lesion?
Does the lesion appear without any clinical pigmentation?
Does the lesion present as ulcerated with irregular margins?
Does the lesion resemble a wart?
Is there a variation in size among the lesions?
Can the lesion be characterized as either focal, multifocal, or diffuse in nature?
Is the lesion located on an extensor surface?
Does the lesion display color variations from light brown to black?
Is the lesion smooth, nodular, or leathery?
Does the lesion have smaller macules and papules?
Is the lesion associated with dark, coarse hair?
Is the lesion between 1.5 cm and 11 cm in diameter?
Does the lesion show black and brown hues?
Does the lesion show signs of symmetric shape?
Does the lesion show spots of hyperpigmentation?
Is the lesion larger than 6mm in diameter?
Is the color of the lesion varied or uneven?
Is the lesion asymmetric?
Is the lesion firm and yellow in color?
Is the lesion papulonodular in appearance?
Is the lesion's color red or red-brown?
Is the skin lesion brown or black-colored?
Is the lesion pearly or flesh-colored?
Is the lesion surrounded by erythema?
Do the lesions have a wide range of colors?
Is the diameter of the lesion less than 1cm?
Does the lesion have a rounded surface?
Is the lesion larger than 5mm and solid?
Is the lesion color predominantly golden-brown?
Is the lesion erythematous?
Does the lesion have enlarged or altered hair follicles?
Has the lesion resulted in changes to the skin color or texture in or around its area?
Is the lesion well-demarcated?
Does the lesion have a red color?
Is the scaly plaque on a sun-exposed area?
Does the lesion demonstrate varying degrees of edema, erythema, scaliness?
Are there thick keratotic crusts or scaly plaques present?
Does the lesion have a pearly appearance?
Does the lesion have telangiectatic vessels on its surface?
Is there any central crust present in the lesion?
Is there any ulceration in the lesion?
Does the lesion resemble a scar?
Is the border of the lesion indistinct?
Does the lesion present a rim of erythematous induration?
Are there multiple or solitary lesions present?
Is the lesion hypopigmented?
Has any elevation or thickness been observed in the lesion?
Is the lesion round or oval?
Does the lesion have a fine central scale?
Does the lesion have irregular margins?
Is the pigmented lesion showing varying degrees of depigmentation?
Is the skin lesion flat and uniformly brown in color?
Is the lesion ring-shaped?
Does the lesion appear to stay within the boundaries of the initial wound?
Is the lesion erythematous and nodular?
Is the lesion elevated?
Is the lesion's surface irregular?
Is there discoloration around the lesion?
Is the lesion raised?
Does the lesion have a purplish discoloration?
Does the lesion present with reddish-violaceous discoloration?
Is the lesion shiny?
Is the lesion pigmented?
Does the discoloration of the skin lesion appear to be black, dark brown, or bluish?
Does the erosion of the skin lesion appear moist?
Does the lesion appear waxy?
Does the lesion appear as a well-circumscribed lesion in the image?
Is the lesion hemorrhagic?
Are there multiple lesions on the skin?
Are the lesions nodular?
Do the lesions have an erythematous nature?
Are there multiple disseminated skin lesions?
Is the lesion exhibiting multicolor shades?
Is there any irregularity in the lesion's surface contour?
Is the lesion's surface elevating?
Is the lesion larger than 5mm?
Does the lesion appear dry?
Is the lesion surrounded by uneven and asymmetric margins?
Is there erosion or ulceration on the nodule of the lesion?
Does the lesion appear as an ulcerated mass?
Are there multiple warts present on the lesion?
Does the lesion have a smooth or rough surface?
Is the lesion flat-topped with a smooth surface and light brown color?
Does the lesion appear as an isolated mass?
Is the lesion diffuse and scattered in nature?
Does the lesion involve localized blood vessels of the skin?
Is there a change in the skin pigmentation?
Is the lesion located on the extensor surface of extremities?
Is the lesion changing in color?
Does the lesion appear black or blue?
Is the skin lesion crusted or nodular in appearance?
Is the skin lesion ulcerative?
Does the skin appear erythematous over the lesion?
Are the lesions flat?
Are the papules or plaques pale pink in color?
Is the skin lesion associated with dark pigmentation?
Is the lesion characterised by a coarse appearance?
Does the skin lesion appear within hair follicles?
Does the lesion exhibit dark-brown pigmentation?
Is there a bluish hue to the lesion?
Does the lesion appear red and tense?
Does the lesion have black components centrally?
Is the lesion yellowish-brown in color?
Are the edges of the lesion irregular?
Does the lesion have a growth or mass appearance?
Does the lesion show signs of erythema (redness)?
Is there a crust formation over the lesion?
Is the lesion evenly distributed around the axis?
Does the lesion appear to be scaling?
Does the lesion include patches of increased coloring?
Can you spot dark brown areas on the skin, particularly in the sun-exposed areas?
In the area of the lesion, does the skin appear lighter or darker than the surrounding skin?
Is there noticeable darkening of skin color in the area of the lesion?
Is the lesion translucent and pink in color?
Does the lesion have discernible margins?
Does the lesion appear to have uneven color distribution?
Is the lesion isolated or part of a clustered formation?
Does the lesion have defined borders?
Is there a presence of punctate, or point-like, formations within or around the lesion?
Is the lesion yellow in color?
Does the lesion have a rough texture?
Does the lesion contain atrophic changes?
Is the lesion ulcerated?
Is the lesion dome-shaped?
Is the skin around the lesion uniformly distributed or concentrated in certain areas like palms or soles?
Is the lesion oval in shape?
Does the lesion range in color from red to brown?
Is the lesion red to red-blue in color?
Does the lesion appear as a ring or arc and vary from skin-colored to brown?
Is the lesion flat and slightly elevated?
Does the lesion exhibit an erythematous or flesh-colored appearance?
Is the lesion showing signs of inflammation?
Are there any hyper-and hypopigmentation signs?
Does the lesion have a nodular involvement?
Does the lesion have a flat or rounded surface?
Is the skin around the lesion displaying characteristics similar to orange peel?
Is the lesion solid?
Does the lesion have a golden yellow color?
Is there a large amount of pigment in the lesion?
Are there pigment accumulations concentration in certain areas of the lesion?
Does the lesion have a large quantity with little inflammation?
Has the skin texture around the lesion become rough or raised?
Does the lesion appear red, tan, or purple in color?
Does the lesion present a nodular form?
Does the lesion have verrucous growths?
Are there any irregular borders present on the lesion?
Is the lesion hyperpigmented?
Does the lesion appear as a hyperkeratotic, crusted, and somewhat eroded plaque?
Does the lesion present with erythema?
Is there erythema and edema of the skin present?
Is there evidence of skin necrosis?
Are there paper-like thin crusts present instead of thick amber crusts?
Are lesions multiple and scattered across the skin?
Are any mysterious dark spots or discoloration evident on the skin lesion's surface?
Are there any red and white patches in the lesion?
Does the lesion appear to be atrophic (thin or wasted away)?
Is the skin lesion violaceous (purple in color)?
Does the lesion show an indistinct feathery border?
Do the lesions have hazy and indistinct borders?
Do the cells in the lesion have indistinct borders?
Does the lesion present an erythematous rim?
Is the lesion characterized by an erythematous indurated plaque?
Is the lesion visibly streaked?
Is the lesion solitary or multiple?
Is there a slight bluish discoloration in the lesion?
Is the lesion smooth and round bordered?
Is the lesion singular or part of multiple related lesions?
Is there vascular malformation at the affected area?
Is the lesion multilocular, with multiple distinct 'regions' observed within it?
Are there several lesions observable from the imaging?
Does the lesion appear elevated, with a noticeable rise above the skin surface?
Is the margin of the lesion smooth?
Does the skin lesion appear reddish to purple in color?
