Is there lung collapse?
Is there a change in lung density?
Are there signs of lung opacification?
Is there an elevated unilateral or bilateral hemidiaphragm?
Is there any sign of hyper-lucency in the lungs?
Has a perihilar mass been detected?
Is there appearance of alveolar opacities?
Is there presence of pleural effusions or thickening?
Is the cardiothoracic ratio larger than 0.5?
Is pulmonary edema visible on the X-ray?
Is there right-sided infiltrate?
Is there evidence of aortic enlargement or coarctation?
Is there pulmonary vascular congestion?
Is the pulmonary hilum shadow abnormal on the chest X-ray?
Is there a loss of alveolar aeration on a specific lung area on the chest X-ray?
Is there any sign of parenchymal involvement noted on the chest X-ray?
Are there infiltrates on lung fields?
Are there patchy infiltrate shadows or interstitial changes noticeable?
Is there a presence of septal lines?
Is there evidence of alveolar edema?
Are there findings of atelectasis?
Is there evidence of a lung mass?
Is there a presence of pneumothorax?
Are cardiomegaly signs visible?
Is there increased interstitial density?
Are bronchi unusually dilated or thickened?
Are there diffuse, predominantly peripheral irregular and reticular opacities?
Are hila prominent bilaterally?
Do the lungs show signs of hyperinflation?
Is there evidence of volume loss?
Is there an appearance of pulmonary parenchymal fibrosis on the X-ray?
Are there signs of acute infection in the lung parenchyma or the interstitial parts?
Does the chest X-ray show consolidation?
Do the images show any evidence of lower respiratory tract infections?
Does the chest X-ray show new infiltrates consistent with acute pulmonary parenchymal disease?
Are bilateral infiltrates or four quadrants of consolidation present in the chest X-ray?
Does the chest X-ray demonstrate peripheral ground glass opacities (GGO) affecting the lower lobes?
Does the chest X-ray reveal patchy alveolar opacities occuring bilaterally in the basilar lung fields?
Is there evidence of consolidation within the irradiated lung field on the chest X-ray?
Does the chest X-ray present an image of consolidation or pleural effusion?
Is there an enlargement of the upper mediastinum?
Is there an enlargement in the cardiac silhouette?
Are there signs of mediastinal widening?
Is there an enlarged pulmonary trunk?
Is the ascending aorta outside the upper-right cardiac silhouette?
Is there mediastinal shift?
Is there evidence of ground-glass opacity?
Are abnormalities observed in the subpleural region?
Is the lung appearance normal?
Are there any visible image abnormalities?
Is there any indication of unilateral or bilateral elevated hemidiaphragms on the X-ray?
Is there any indication of fluid accumulation in the pleural space?
Does the chest X-ray reveal the presence of nodules in the pleural space?
Is there an increase in the volume of the lungs as appearing on the chest X-ray?
Can you see peribronchovascular opacities?
Are there reticular opacities present?
Can you identify nodular opacity?
Is there reticulonodular infiltration?
Does the X-ray show asymmetrical lung involvement?
Are there any distinct consolidations visible?
Are any areas of hazy opacity present?
Does the mediastinum show a right shift?
Are there bilateral opacities on the chest x-ray not fully explained by effusions, lobar or lung collapse, or nodules?
Does the mediastinum show a deviation to the left or right?
Does the chest x-ray display bilateral infiltrates?
Are there diffuse high-density shadows visible?
Can ground glass like changes be observed?
Is an abnormal chest X-ray evident?
Can a high-density shadow be detected?
Can mass-like densities be identified in the chest?
Is there any sign of fibrotic changes?
Are cavitary changes visible in the lung field?
Are there any indications of bilateral thickening of lung markings?
Can large dense shadows of uniform density be seen?
Does the chest X-ray show an increase in the lung field's density?
Is there complete or partial opacification of the lung?
Is there opacification of less than 25% in one or both lungs?
Are there bilateral diffuse ground glass opacities?
Are there signs of reticular shadows?
Is there unilateral diaphragm elevation?
Is the elevation of both diaphragms less severe than one side?
Is there an asymmetrical elevation of the hemidiaphragm?
Are there changes in lung opacities?
Is there a loss of the sharp silhouette of the hemidiaphragm?
Is there a shift in the mediastinum, hilum, or hemidiaphragm?
Is there an air-fluid level visible on the chest X-ray?
Is there an irregular diaphragmatic outline?
Is there significant increase in vascular markings?
Is there hyper-lucency suggesting air trapping in the lungs?
Are there signs of a consolidative lesion with high internal attenuation and bubble lucency?
Is there any indication of a chest X-ray suggestive of lung cancer?
Does the chest X-ray reveal normal radiologic appearance of lungs?
Is there a notable perihilar mass?
Are there any ground-glass opacities in perihilar areas?
Are there dense, mass-like consolidative opacities in the perihilar zone?
Are constellations of bilateral interstitial infiltrates observed?
Is there an enlargement of the right hilum?
Are there findings of mediastinal or perihilar lymph nodes enlargement?
Is there perihilar linear streaking?
Does the chest X-ray show any mediastinal widening due to lymph node enlargement?
Is there an opacity around the perihilar zone?
Do the alveolar opacities predominantly appear in the lower lobe?
Are there multiple patchy opacities displayed on the Chest X-ray?
Are there new alveolar or interstitial infiltrates?
Does the Chest X-ray shows bilateral and diffuse alveolar interstitial opacities in both pulmonary fields?
Are alveolar condensations present?
Are there para-hilar bilateral alveolar opacities with air-bronchogram?
Is there any presence of increased density within a specific lobe?
Are there no alveolar opacities?
Are there asymmetrical, ground glass opacities?
Is there presence of fluid in the pleural cavity?
Are there signs of a subpleural thickening?
Is there evidence of a bilateral pleural effusion?
Is there an opacity that is not in the gravity dependent location?
Is there evidence of a right-sided pleural effusion surrounded by thickened pleural wall?
Are there any abnormal findings easily detected on the chest X-ray?
Does the radiograph show any large transverse dimension of the heart?
Is the cardiothoracic ratio greater than 0.55?
Is there a sign of vascular redistribution to the upper lobes?
Are there bilateral opacities with central distribution visible?
Are there signs of pleural fluid accumulation?
Can you observe enlargement of hilar structures?
Are there diffuse bilateral interstitial and alveolar densities visible?
Can ground glass opacities be seen in the chest X-ray?
Are there changes in chest X-ray appearance that develop slowly?
Is there a prominent pulmonary artery visible?
Are there visible signs of focal peripheral hyperlucency?
Can you see small areas of consolidation in the X-ray?
Is there diffuse bilateral infiltration?
Is there increased density in any part of the lung?
Has there been any progression in the infiltrate?
Are there any subcutaneous emphysema?
Is any part of the lung field showing pleural effusion or pneumomediastinum?
Is there any sign of pleural thickening?
Are there infiltrates on only one side of the lung?
Is there any visible change in lung conditions over time?
Can a rib notching be seen?
Is there an enlarged cardiac silhouette?
Is there evidence of upper lobe vascular redistribution?
Are there signs of pulmonary venous congestion?
Is there visible distension of the upper pulmonary veins?
Is there a presence of septal lines in the lower lung?
Are hilar structures enlarged?
Does the chest X-ray reveal a very prominent pulmonary vascular pattern extending to the periphery of the lungs?
Is there evidence of pulmonary vascular dilatation extending from hilum to the periphery of the lung?
Can pulmonary vessels be visibly redistributed into the upper lung fields?
Does the chest X-ray show abnormal pulmonary hilum shadows?
Could there be an increased texture visible in the chest X-ray?
Is the pulmonary hilum shadow bilateral or unilateral?
Is there evidence of pleural effusion visible in the chest X-ray?
Are both lobes of the lungs involved in the abnormal shadow?
Does the chest X-ray show an exacerbated reticular shadow in the lower lung fields?
Is there pulmonary congestion visible on the chest X-ray?
Is there a difference in aeration between the lungs?
Is there an abnormal appearance in chest Xrays of patients receiving mechanical ventilatory support?
Is there a well-defined site of lung consolidation?
Are there diffuse opacities visible in both lungs?
Is the chest X-ray normal?
Does the chest X-ray show signs of central pulmonary arterial dilation?
Is there increased bronchovascular markings noted on the chest X-ray?
Does the chest X-ray show bronchial wall thickening?
Is there a presence of cavitations within parenchymal lesions as shown on the chest X-ray?
Does the chest X-ray suggest peribronchial thickening?
Is there a presence of diffuse parenchymal involvement on the chest X-ray?
Do the lung fields exhibit consolidations on the chest X-ray?
Are nodular infiltrates visible on the chest X-ray?
Is there an increase in the overall density of the lung fields in the chest X-ray?
Are there abnormal infiltrates in the lung fields on the chest X-ray?
Does the chest X-ray show evidence of fibrosis in the lung fields?
Is there evidence of ground-glass manifestations?
Do the lungs show small patchy shadows?
Are multiple patchy shadows visible in both lungs?
Does the X-ray show visible signs of interstitial pneumonia?
Is there ground glass opacity in both lung fields?
Is there interlobular septal thickening?
Are there air spaces in the cardiac border?
Are there opacities in peripheral, bilateral, subpleural, multifocal, posterior, basal and medial regions?
Is there air space consolidation?
Is bronchovascular thickening present?
Is there a presence of inter- or intra-lobular septal thickening?
Is there a presence of persistent pulmonary infiltrate?
Is there a reduction in lung transparency?
Are there areas of high density observed in the lungs?
Is there evidence of bilateral pulmonary edema?
Can diffuse bilateral pulmonary edema be observed?
Are interstitial infiltrates present in the lungs?
Can increased cardiothoracic ratios be identified?
Can radiographic opacities consistent with an alveolar filling process be detected?
Is there evidence of blurred ila and perivascular or peribronchial cuffs?
Are there any signs of parenchymal anomalies?
Are there primary opacities observed?
Is there an indication of a mediastinal mass?
Are there any signs of chest infection?
Are there any signs of heart failure?
Is there evidence of elevated hilar structures?
Is there evidence of pneumothorax in the left lung?
Are there abnormal masses visible in the lungs?
Are there any visible signs of mediastinal adenopathy?
Can any opacity be identified in the lungs?
Is there an apical pleural stripe visible?
