Is there displacement of interlobar fissures?
Are there signs of pulmonary opacification?
Is there a tracheal shift towards one side?
Are there indications of lung volume loss on one side?
Are there linear or homogenous increased opacities noticed in the chest?
Is there evidence of a peripheral solitary nodule?
Are signs of air trapping visible in the lung fields?
Are the lungs showing hyperinflation?
Is there evidence of mediastinal shifting?
Is there a hypodense or underinflated area in the lung?
Is there dilatation of the pulmonary artery?
Is there an enlarged cardiomediastinal silhouette?
Are there signs of pulmonary congestion?
Is there presence of pleural effusion?
Are there increased pulmonary vascular markings?
Are there signs of volume overload?
Is there pulmonary edema visible?
Can signs of consolidation be detected?
Are pulmonary vessels engorged?
Is there a presence of pulmonary infiltrate?
Is there flattening of the costophrenic angles and enlargement of the cardiac silhouette?
Are the costodiaphragmatic angles blunted?
Are there lung filled with radiolucent fluid?
Is there an elevation of the hemidiaphragm on the affected side?
Is there presence of alveolar infiltrates?
Are there signs of increased vascular congestion?
Is there any indication of pulmonary fibrosis?
Are there small interstitial nodules in the upper and mid zones of the lungs?
Are there ill-defined pulmonary opacities present?
Are there any signs of a pneumothorax?
Are there signs of hilar or mediastinal lymph nodes enlargement?
Is there any evidence of parenchymal disease?
Are peripheral reticular opacities present in the lower lobes?
Can signs of lung architectural distortion be seen?
Are there signals of ground-glass opacities or consolidations?
Can any reticulonodular opacities be detected?
Is there any change in the chest x-ray?
Are there any new infiltrates visible on the chest x-ray?
Are there lobar consolidations?
Can nodular densities be seen in the chest x-ray?
Is there interstitial infiltrates visible on the chest x-ray?
Are there bilateral infiltrates seen in the chest x-ray?
Can an abnormal infiltrate be seen on chest x-ray?
Are there signs of collapse or consolidation in the lung?
Is there any evidence of necrotizing pneumonia on the chest x-ray?
Do the lungs appear hyperinflated on the chest x-ray?
Can a lung mass be identified?
Is there ground-glass haziness in the lung?
Are bilateral consolidations present?
Is there dense consolidation observed?
Is there consolidation present at the base of the lungs?
Do the dependent pulmonary segments show irregular densities suggesting consolidation?
Can worsening consolidation be observed?
Is there any focal consolidation observed?
Is there a convex contour of the right superior mediastinum?
Is there a widened mediastinum on chest X-ray?
Is there evidence of pulmonary congestion such as upper lobe diversion, increased interstitial markings, and Kerley B lines?
Is there loss of the aortic knob contour?
Is there a radiolucent area of air in the lung field?
Are there bilateral multifocal alveolar opacities visible?
Are there any abnormal findings on the chest X-ray or chest CT?
Is the chest X-ray normal?
Are there indications of hemothorax or pneumothorax on the lung images?
Is there reticular or reticulonodular interstitial markings?
Is there thickening of interlobular septa?
Are Kerley B lines visible?
Is there pleural disease?
Is there hyperinflation of the lungs evident?
Is there flattening of the diaphragm?
Is there an increased anterior-posterior diameter?
Is bronchial wall thickening present?
Is there evidence of bullae in the subpleural regions?
Is there a pneumothorax visible in the postoperative chest X-ray?
Is there marked asymmetry in a pleural effusion?
Is there evidence of peribronchial thickening?
Can pleural effusion be detected?
Is there interstitial edema visible?
Are interlobar fissures visibly thickened?
Is there circumferential pleural thickening?
Is there evidence of pleural nodularity?
Can an enlargement of the mediastinum be appreciated in the chest X-ray?
Are increased interstitial markings visible on the chest X-ray?
Is there a persistent, ill-defined opacity?
Is a multifocal or diffuse opacity visible?
Is there an anterior mediastinal mass appearance?
Is there a feature suggestive of cavitation within a tumor mass?
Is there any visually noticeable change in the wideness of the mediastinum?
Does the chest X-ray reveal parenchymal infiltrate changes predominantly in the upper lobes?
Are there any wedge-shaped, focal opacities in the periphery of the lung?
Is there a unilateral loss of lung volume with hyperlucency as demonstrated by chest X-ray?
Are there any diffuse, ill-defined haziness and emphysema present in the lower lung fields?
Has there been shown a deviation of the mediastinum to the contralateral lung on the chest x-ray?
Are there diffuse alveolar infiltrates greatest at the lung bases in the plain film chest radiographs?
Does the chest X-ray display a pattern of reticular opacities with fibrosis?
Are there any patchy opacities shown in the chest X-ray?
Are there fluid-containing structures in the thoracic cavity?
Is there a mediastinal shift visible?
Can air-fluid levels above the diaphragm be identified?
Is there right heart enlargement visible?
Are there signs of a flattened diaphragm?
Can signs of pleural effusions be observed?
Is there an opacification of the aortopulmonary window?
Is there evidence of pulmonary contusion?
Are there indications of acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS)?
Can bilateral infiltrates be identified on the chest X-ray?
Are there signs of a tension pneumothorax?
Does the chest X-ray display indicators of subcutaneous emphysema?
Can you identify ground glass opacification in lower zones of the lung?
Is there a shift of the trachea?
Is there an effacement of lung markings distally to a thin line?
Is the trachea located in the midline?
Is there an elevation of the ipsilateral diaphragm?
Is there a deviation of the trachea to the contralateral side?
Can a tracheobronchial anomaly be observed?
Is there an elevation of one hemidiaphragm compared to the other?
Are there indications of lung fibrosis?
Is there loss of lung volume?
Are there indications of flattened diaphragm?
Are lung markings difficult to see?
Is excessive air in the esophagus visible?
Are there radiographic signs of lung collapse?
Are there parallel linear densities?
Is there an increase in bibasilar nodular opacities?
Are large air-filled cysts visible?
Can you detect a well-circumscribed opacity projecting beyond the regular cardiac outline?
Are there patchy or homogeneous, bilateral interstitial and alveolar nodular infiltrates?
Is there a single lung opacity?
Is the lung nodule discrete and unattached to the lung border or pleura?
Are there multiple nodules varying in size from 0.5 to 5 centimeters?
Are there indications of peripheral infiltrates in the chest X-rays?
Are there any intrapulmonary nodules visible on chest X-ray?
Is there a lung nodule of more than 8mm in size?
Is there distension of any pulmonary lobe?
Is the mediastinum shifted?
Is the lateral diaphragm flattened on the affected side?
Is there evidence of lung hyperinflation?
Are there signs of prominent or dilated pulmonary artery?
Are cystic changes detectable?
Is there evidence of lung atelectasis?
Can you see bilateral diffuse alveolar or interstitial infiltrates?
Are there any signs of bilateral heterogeneous consolidation?
Are there focal areas of hyperlucency?
Is there a mediastinal widening?
Is there an over 8 cm width of the mediastinum?
Is there a sign of pneumomediastinum?
Is there an abnormal mediastinal contour on the X-ray?
Can an abnormal mass be identified on a chest X-ray?
Is there an area of hyperlucency?
Can areas of well-defined, round masses be observed?
Are there signs of atelectasis?
Is there a sign of pulmonary vascular congestion?
Is an enlarged cardiac silhouette present?
Is the cardiothoracic ratio more than 50%?
Is there an increased right heart border convexity?
Is there a "double density" sign?
Is there cephalization of the pulmonary vessels?
Is there presence of Kerley B-lines?
Is there a rounded cardiac silhouette?
Are signs of pulmonary venous hypertension visible?
Is there widening of the cardiac silhouette?
Are signs of congestive heart failure present?
Is there vascular fullness at the left lung base more than the right?
Is there an indication of alveolar edema?
Does the X-ray show signs of pulmonary congestion with an absence of left atrial enlargement?
Does the X-ray show increased pulmonary vasculature or haziness of vascular margins suggesting fluid overload?
Is there evidence of mediastinal mass?
Are there signs of fluid accumulation in the thoracic cavity?
Are there indications of a mass in the thoracic cavity?
Is there presence of abnormal pleural fluid?
Is there an increase in pulmonary vascular markings?
Are lung markings decreased?
Is there evidence of poor lung vasculature markings?
Is there a difference in X-ray appearance between different lung zones?
Does the chest x-ray show signs of cardiomegaly?
Do diffuse bilateral infiltrates appear on the X-ray?
Is there evidence of free air below the diaphragm?
Are enlarged central pulmonary arteries visible on the X-ray?
Can respiratory distress findings be observed on the chest X-ray?
Is there fluid in the lungs?
Does the X-ray show a narrowing of the trachea?
Are signs of right ventricular enlargement visible?
Does the chest X-ray show enlarged cardiac structures?
Is there evidence of non-cardiogenic pulmonary edema or ARDS in the chest x-ray?
Are there any anatomical abnormalities visible in the chest x-ray?
Does the chest X-ray show signs of pneumonia?
Can diffuse nodules be seen in the chest x-ray?
Are there nodules with ground glass infiltrates?
Does the chest x-ray show presence of a pneumatocele?
Is there a localized ground glass opacification on the lung?
Can ill-defined nodules be seen on the chest x-ray?
Is there evidence of diffuse patchy infiltrates on the chest x-ray?
Can transient or changing infiltrates be detected over time in the chest x-ray?
Is there a predominance of abnormalities in the upper lobe of the lungs in the chest x-ray?
Is the cardiac silhouette enlarged?
Can atelectasis of the lower sub-segments of the lung be identified?
Is there a difference in levels between the right and left diaphragm?
Is there an increased pulmonary diameter?
Is there evidence of edema at the lung bases?
Is the cardiothoracic ratio increased?
Is the diaphragm at a higher level?
