Does the chest X-ray show a hyperlucent affected lobe?
Does the chest X-ray reveal associated atelectasis?
Is there evidence of lobar collapse in the chest x-ray?
Are there horizontal lines present on the chest x-ray?
Does the chest x-ray show signs of hyperexpansion?
Is there evidence of right ventricular enlargement?
Is there an enlargement of the central pulmonary arteries?
Is the heart appearing mildly enlarged?
Is there an increase in the pulmonary artery silhouette?
Are there alveolar and interstitial opacities involving at least three-quarters of the lung fields?
Does the chest X-ray show pleural effusions?
Is there evidence of increased pulmonary blood flow?
Is there a widened mediastinum?
Is the cardiac silhouette found to be normal or enlarged?
Does the patient have focal or diffuse interstitial infiltrates?
Can you observe bilateral lower lobe infiltrates?
Does the chest x-ray reveal mediastinal widening?
Can you spot infiltrates in the chest x-ray?
Are there findings of cavitary apical disease of the upper lobes?
Does the pulmonary vasculature show signs of congestion?
Are there signs of interstitial edema?
Is there pulmonary edema present?
Are there signs of asymmetric pulmonary edema?
Is there signs of pulmonary venous congestion?
Is there a bibasilar reticular pattern present?
Are bronchovascular markings increased in the affected lobe?
Does the X-ray show a 'white-out' of lungs?
Are pulmonary infiltrates and effusions visible?
Is there evidence of any new focal infiltrates or nodules in the lungs?
Does the chest X-ray show signs of transient pulmonary infiltrates?
Can a mass surrounding by an area of low attenuation be identified?
Is there consolidation visible?
Is there a diffuse interstitial pattern?
Are there signs of bronchopneumonia?
Is there evidence of lung abnormalities?
Are there signs of pulmonary disease?
Is there evidence of patchy infiltrates?
Can consolidation be seen in dependent pulmonary segments?
Are lobar consolidation or isolated masses present?
Does the X-ray show any significant consolidation of lung fields?
Can any ill-defined micronodular opacities be seen?
Are signs of airspace consolidation, more specifically in a subpleural region, present?
Can consolidation of the lower lobe be seen, specifically on the left?
Is there a nonsegmental patchy infiltrate?
Is there noticeable aneurysmal dilation of the aorta?
Is there evidence of left ventricular enlargement?
Is there a dilated proximal ascending aorta along the upper right heart border in the frontal view?
Is there evident enlargement of the main and proximal pulmonary arteries?
Is the azygos vein notably enlarged?
Is there notable post-stenotic dilation of the main pulmonary artery in the frontal plane projection?
Are any abnormal masses present?
Is there evidence of lung metastasis?
Can a fracture be identified?
Is the anteroposterior (AP) view present?
Is there evident lung damage?
Is there evidence of unusual formation in bones?
Is there pleural effusion visible?
Is there generalized pleural thickening?
Does the hemithorax appear shrunken?
Are there visible deviations of mediastinal structures?
Is there a depression of the hemidiaphragm?
Are there absent lung markings?
Are there calcified pleural plaques?
Is there subpleural atelectasis?
Are there pulmonary infiltrates in the lower lobes?
Is there evidence of a lung mass in the upper lobe?
Is there a solitary pulmonary nodule visible?
Does the x-ray show any signs of growth in the pulmonary nodule over a period greater than 2 years?
Is there a diffuse infiltrate or diffuse small nodules present?
Is there a large superior anterior mediastinal mass compressing the trachea?
Has a chest x-ray been obtained to exclude an anterior mediastinal mass?
Is there evidence of a metastasis in the chest X-ray?
Is there a mediastinal mass?
Is there interstitial opacity present on the chest X-ray?
Are there diffuse hazy opacities found on the chest x-ray?
Do the chest x-ray show mottled opacities in the middle and lower lung fields?
Are there any prominent opacities indicated on the chest x-ray?
Is there bilateral diffuse pulmonary infiltrates recognizable on chest X-ray?
Are there instances of abnormalities that might have been missed on a chest x-ray?
Is there an indication of a discrepancy in heart size?
Are there signs of septic pulmonary emboli?
Do X-rays show air-filled bowel in the chest?
Is there a dilation of pulmonary vessels?
Is there a mass in the lung?
Are there multiple fractures in the chest?
Is there visible fluid in the alveolar space?
Is there an indication of obstruction in major airways?
Is there evidence of subcutaneous emphysema?
Can signs of a tension pneumothorax be identified?
Is there lymph node enlargement?
Is the bone appearing white on the x-ray film?
Is the air appearing dark on the x-ray film?
Are there signs of heart failure?
Is there free air visible under the diaphragm?
Is there increased pulmonary vascularity?
Are there prominent pulmonary vasculatures in the upper zones?
Are there increased pulmonary blood and displaced pulmonary arteries?
Is there an enlargement of any heart chamber on the chest X-ray?
Are there signs of RV volume overload on the chest X-ray?
Is there symmetrical interstitial infiltration?
Are there diffuse alveolar opacities?
Are there new alveolar opacities?
Are there bilateral alveolar opacities visible without pleural effusions?
Are there diffuse bilateral interstitial infiltrates?
Are there linear opacities at the lung bases?
Are there bilateral alveolar infiltrates visible?
Is there evidence of pulmonary vascular congestion?
Is there a presence of pericardial effusions?
Does the X-ray show mediastinal masses?
Is there an observable indication of lung infection?
Is there an indication of bloated blood vessels in the lungs?
Is there an abnormal aortic contour visible?
Are there signs of pulmonary processes such as pneumonia or pneumothorax?
Does the X-ray reveal an unremarkable ACS but evident pulmonary edema?
Are there observable signs of peribronchial cuffing and air bronchograms?
Is the cardiac silhouette rounded?
Has the cardiac silhouette been displaced to the left?
Is there evidence of perihilar alveolar infiltrates?
Is the heart size normal in presence of alveolar infiltrates?
Are there increased interstitial markings?
Is there a localized infiltrate?
Is there any evidence of a mass effect?
Is there an upper-lobe infiltrate with cavitation?
Is there evidence of infiltrates on bilateral lower lobes?
Are there pulmonary infiltrates visible on both sides of the chest?
Are there signs of noncardiogenic pulmonary edema?
Are there signs of mediastinal widening on the chest X-ray?
Can mediastinal lymphadenopathy be observed on the chest X-ray?
Is there a sign of pulmonary involvement detected on the chest X-ray?
Are there any areas of cavitation in the lungs?
Is there opacification seen in the upper lobe?
Can bilateral involvement be detected on the radiograph?
Is there presence of pleural thickening?
Does the chest radiograph show any patterns of diffuse alveolar infiltrates?
Are there signs of lung volume loss?
Is there observable apical scarring?
Are there any visible nodules in the radiograph?
Is there evidence of a solid mass within a cavity?
Are there signs of congestive heart failure present?
Is there a presence of a right apical infiltrate?
Does the chest X-ray show signs of pulmonary congestion?
Is there evidence of hyperinflation?
Are there signs of pneumonia?
Are pleural effusions present?
Is there peribronchial thickening?
Are vascular markings in the upper lung zones prominent?
Are Kerley B lines present?
Is there patchy alveolar filling, especially in a perihilar distribution?
Can cardiomegaly be noticed on the X-ray?
Is there a prominent pulmonary vasculature?
Is there a visible pulmonary vascular prominence?
Can enlarged heart be observed?
Is there a reticular infiltrative pattern visible?
Is there symmetry in the chest abnormality?
Is there a right lower-lobe mass?
Is there a right middle lobe opacity?
Is there right lower lobe pneumonia?
Are there increased bronchovascular markings?
Are there varying shades of gray visible?
Can infiltrates be seen on the same side as a pleural effusion?
Is there a presence of rounded nodular opacities?
Are there rounded infiltrates of a few millimeters to several centimeters?
Is there a new lung infiltrate visible on the chest x-ray?
Are there signs of pulmonary fibrosis or granulomas?
Is there an observable bilateral perihilar and basilar infiltrate on the chest radiograph?
Are there non-calcified nodules measuring 4 mm or more in the lung?
Is there an area of low attenuation?
Are there areas of high density?
Can a substance that attenuates X-rays be identified?
Are there calcifications indicated in the X-ray?
Is there a new or changing radiographic infiltrate?
Are there signs of restricted lung capacity?
Are infiltrates appearing during treatment?
Is there any sign of hilar lymphadenopathy?
Is there evidence of a tumor in the lungs?
Is there evidence of patchy infiltrates?
Is there an initial hazy infiltrate present?
Can bilateral patchy infiltrates be identified?
Does the patient demonstrate signs of pneumonia, like chest consolidation, without the presence of neutrophils or purulent sputum?
Does the chest radiograph show airspace consolidation obscuring the heart border?
Is there evidence of peribronchial pneumonia indicated by thickened bronchial markings and streaks of interstitial infiltration?
Are there potential pleural effusions as viewed from lateral decubitus positions?
Are there round opacities observed in the image?
Are linear opacities visible on the X-ray?
Can any foreign body be seen in the chest or abdominal area?
Is there subpleural or peribronchial patchy areas of airspace consolidation?
Is there diffuse bilateral airspace opacification in the chest X-ray?
Is there focal airspace disease present in the chest X-ray?
Is there evidence of linear and reticular abnormalities in lower lungs?
Is there a segmental consolidation observed?
Has the pneumonia extended to lower lobes?
Is there diffuse infiltration throughout the lung?
Can any abnormality be seen in left lower lobe?
Is there any notable calcification of the ascending aorta?
Is there cardiomegaly evident on the chest X-ray?
Is the vascularity in the chest X-ray increased?
Is the aortic knob visible?
Is there an enlargement of the aorta?
Is the arch of the aorta visible in the superior mediastinum?
Is there normal lung vascularity?
