Is there lung opacification?
Does the chest X-ray show signs of lung volume loss?
Is there any sign of lung overinflation?
Does the chest X-ray reveal evidence of trachea shifting?
Can mediastinum shifting be observed on the chest X-ray?
Does the chest X-ray show signs of obstructive emphysema?
Are there any signs of consolidation on the chest X-ray?
Does the X-ray indicate an obvious mass?
Is there any sign of bronchial wall thickening on the chest X-ray?
Are there indications of airway dilation on the chest X-ray?
Can ground glass or consolidative opacities be observed in the X-ray?
Does the chest X-ray show diffuse interstitial infiltrates?
Does the X-ray show signs of diffuse alveolar opacities?
Is there a visible enlargement of the heart?
Are there signs of vascular redistribution?
Are there indications of Kerley lines?
Is there cuffing of the areas around the bronchi?
Is there evidence of interstitial edema?
Is there a presence of a pericardial effusion?
Is there evidence of widespread pulmonary infiltrates?
Is there a blunting of the costophrenic angle or partial or complete opacification of the affected half of the thorax?
Are there changes in multiple areas and fluid in the area surrounding the lungs?
Is the cardiopericardial silhouette enlarged?
Are there signs of chronic effusion?
Is there evidence of pleural effusion?
Are there anterior subpleural consolidations?
Are there cavities filled with air or fluid in the lungs?
Are there opaque patches in the chest on imaging?
Are there bilateral opacities that cannot be fully explained by other conditions such as effusion, lung or lobar collapse, or lung nodules?
Are there infiltrates on a chest X-ray?
Is there evidence of hyperinflation?
Are there signs of lung hyperlucency?
Does the patient have small, irregular parenchymal opacities?
Are there areas of opacity due to fibrosis of the pulmonary parenchyma?
Is there evidence of lung inflammation?
Are lung nodules visible?
Does the patient show signs of bronchiectasis and pleural scarring?
Does the chest X-ray indicate any new opacification of the lung?
Does the chest X-ray show features that appear similar to an extensive pneumonia, with both lungs showing widespread white patches?
Is there upper-lobe consolidation present?
Are there multifocal nodular lesions visible?
Is there alveolar consolidation apparent?
Are there infiltrates in the lower lobes of the lungs?
Is there consolidation or cavitation of the apexes of the upper lobes visible?
Is a widened mediastinum visible?
Is displacement of the trachea from the midline observed?
Is there an enlarged aorta?
Is there dilation of the ascending aorta?
Are there small, round areas filled with air?
Is subpleural dominance observable?
Is the perihilar region infiltrated?
Is the infiltration affecting the lower lobe?
Are there any abnormalities visible on the scapula?
Is there a suspicion of a rib fracture?
Can you identify a continuous, irregular pleural shadowing on the chest radiograph?
Is there obliteration of the costophrenic angle in continuity with pleural thickening?
Is there evidence of free air at the diaphragm?
Is there evidence of pleural effusions at the costophrenic angles?
Is there an indication of any alveolar air space disease with prominent vascularity with or without pleural effusions?
Is there a nodule or mass in the lung?
Can smooth masses that are round or ovoid in shape be seen on the chest X-ray?
Does the chest X-ray show small, ill-defined nodules of homogeneous density?
Do the lungs show lesions appearing as nodules within the terminal and respiratory bronchioles?
Is there a solitary pulmonary nodule smaller than three centimeters in diameter?
Are there areas of hazy opacification or increased attenuation in the lungs?
Are there alveolar opacities visible in the X-ray?
Is there discrete, small opacities of 2–4 mm diameter visible on the radiograph?
Can you see small (< 10 mm) nodules in the lungs, especially in the upper lung zones in the chest X-ray?
Can you see interstitial lung diseases?
Are there nodules or cavities in the lungs?
Is there any discrete fibrotic scar or linear opacity?
Does the chest X-ray suggest any airspace opacification?
Are there any signs of pulmonary function abnormalities visible on the chest X-ray?
Is there evidence of lung interstitial disease on the chest X-ray?
Is there a lung cavity present in the chest X-ray?
Is there a reduction in the size of one side of the chest?
Is there a deformity in the trachea?
Is there fluid present in individual lung lobes?
Are the lungs hyperinflated?
Is there effusion in the lower zone?
Are there signs of lung architecture loss?
Are there thin-walled cavities in the lungs?
Is there any abnormality within the lung?
Are there signs of pneumonia?
Are there abnormal lung areas or large air-filled sacs?
Are the pulmonary vasculature in both lungs appearing dilated?
Are there findings related to lung infection?
Is the trachea displaced?
Is there any non-calcified nodules?
Are there any signs of abnormal shadowing?
Is there evidence of mediastinal widening on the chest X-ray?
Are there signs of a mediastinal mass?
Is there a radiolucent outline around the heart and mediastinum?
Are there abnormalities in the rib area visible on the X-Ray?
Is there evidence of air in the subcutaneous tissues in the chest region?
Is there a visual difference in the X-ray during maximal inspiration as compared to the X-ray during expiration?
Is there evidence of atypical pneumonia or acute respiratory distress syndrome on the chest X-ray?
Are there ground glass opacities visible on the X-ray?
Are there patchy consolidations present in the lungs on the chest X-ray?
Is there localized consolidation depending on the patient's position visible on the chest X-ray?
Is there a dense, homogenous area that obscures the costophrenic and cardiophrenic angles on the X-ray?
Does the free edge of a diaphragm appear to curl and become perpendicular to the chest wall on the X-ray?
Are there signs of bronchial inflammation in the chest X-ray?
Is there any indication of bronchial dilation?
Are there linear densities visible?
Is there evidence of diffuse airway wall thickening?
Is there any peribronchial thickening present?
Is there any sign of edema?
Can a sharp cut off on chest radiography be spotted?
Are there signs of heart enlargement?
Is there lung consolidation?
Can bilateral opacities be found primarily at the bases of the lungs?
Are there bilateral patchy areas?
Is there evidence of patchy infiltrates?
Is there alveolar damage on display?
Does the X-ray show fluid in the small air sacs in both lungs?
Are there any signs of fluid in the lungs, specifically pulmonary edema?
Is there minimal interstitial infiltration?
Does the X-ray show bilateral perihilar lung shadowing?
Is there an abnormal heart silhouette?
Is the heart generally enlarged?
Is there an increase in the combined mass of cardiac chambers visible?
Is there an evidence of pulmonary venous hypertension visible?
Does the chest X-ray show changes in the vasculature?
Are there signs of inflammation in the chest?
Are there any indications of fluid redistribution in the chest?
Are there any signs of localized vascular abnormalities in the chest?
Are there short parallel lines at the lung periphery?
Are there thin linear pulmonary opacities observable?
Are there parallel lines perpendicular to the lateral lung surface?
Are there prominent areas around the bronchus visible?
Can you see a collapsed lung?
Is the heart and its size clearly observable?
Is there a fluid or air buildup within the chest cavity?
Is there evidence of acute or worsening pulmonary edema?
Has fluid overload been noticed?
Are there signs of lymphatic congestion resulting in interstitial edema?
Is there a lesion present in the lung?
Can cavities be seen on the chest X-ray?
Is there blunting of costophrenic angles?
Can fluid be detected at the base of the lung?
Is the heart displaced to the left?
Is there lung tissue squeezed between the heart and the inferior border?
Is there presence of a significant amount of fluid in the pleural space?
Is fluid collecting in the angle between the ribs and diaphragm?
Is the right diaphragmatic border elevated with a lateral peak and medial flattening?
Is there fluid present in the area surrounding the lungs?
Is there an area of increased shadow in the periphery of the lungs?
Is there a pocket of infected fluid in the lung?
Are the lungs filled with fluid and have become stiff?
Is there fluid accumulation detected in the pleural space?
Is there a large collection of fluid in the lung with a collapsed lung?
Are there signs of pneumonia or a lung abscess shown in the CT scan?
Has the diffuse lung disease been presented in chronic cases?
Is there a presence of both air and fluid within the pleural space?
Is there tracheal deviation away from the effusion?
Is there a presence of pleural effusion without specific characteristics on the chest X-ray?
Is there a collapse of the lung?
Is there an abnormal amount of fluid between the pleura lining the lung and the chest wall?
Is there compression from fluid in the pleural cavity?
Is there a honeycomb appearance?
Is there a small area of granulomatous inflammation?
Is there patchy unilateral or bilateral consolidation?
Is there ground glass appearance or hazy opacities?
Is there an absence of lung markings?
Are there diffuse nodular infiltrates visible?
Are there fluid-filled cavities in the lung?
Is there presence of collections of air or fluid in the lung?
Is there a cavity with an air-fluid level in the lungs?
Is there air trapped in the chest cavity outside the lungs?
Is there a buildup of air in the pleural space causing lung collapse?
Are there signs of lung injury of acute onset?
Are there symmetrical reticulonodular opacities present on the chest X-ray?
Are there bilateral alveolar opacities that are less than 5 cm?
Is there evidence of pneumothorax in the area between the lung and the chest wall?
Is there evidence of airway obstruction?
Is there a noticeable asymmetry in lung inflation?
Is the diaphragm visually flattened?
Is there an increased front-to-back chest diameter observable?
Are there interstitial fibrosis visible?
Are there small rounded opacities present?
Are there small irregular opacities present?
Are there bilateral opacities visible?
Is there pleural thickening in the image?
Does the image show evidence of hilar lymphadenopathy?
Does the chest X-ray show ground-glass opacities?
Is there evidence of restrictive lung disease?
Is there significant reticulation in the lungs?
Is there an area of denser substance within the lungs?
Is there evidence of granulomatous inflammation?
Do the lungs show evidence of inflammation resulting in scar tissue formation?
Is there a visible nodule in the lung?
Are there any indications of granuloma formation in the lung?
Is there an increase in lung density?
Are there signs of fluid in the pleural cavity?
Does the lung show signs of thickening?
Is there evidence of a chronic lung condition?
Is there a presence of an aggressive tumor?
Do the lungs appear to have widespread white patches?
Is there an anomaly visible in the upper lobe of the right lung?
